[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/technologiestiftung/kulturdaten-frontend/blob/master/storybook-static/0.b6fcf793dbd9d5f9c663.manager.bundle.js.LICENSE.txt)

The code provided is a JavaScript library called Prism, which is used for syntax highlighting. It is licensed under the MIT license and was created by Lea Verou. The library is designed to be lightweight, robust, and elegant, making it a popular choice for developers who need to display code snippets on their websites or applications.

Prism is a namespace that contains various functions and properties that can be used to highlight code. The library supports a wide range of programming languages, including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, Python, Ruby, and many more. It also includes support for markup languages like Markdown and LaTeX.

One of the key features of Prism is its ability to highlight code in real-time as the user types. This is achieved using a feature called "Autoloader", which automatically detects and highlights code blocks on a page. This feature can be enabled by including the "prism-autoloader" script in your HTML file.

Here is an example of how to use Prism to highlight code:

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <link href="prism.css" rel="stylesheet" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <pre><code class="language-javascript">
      function helloWorld() {
        console.log("Hello, world!");
      }
    </code></pre>
    <script src="prism.js"></script>
  </body>
</html>
```

In this example, we include the Prism CSS file and then define a code block with the class "language-javascript". We then include the Prism JavaScript file, which will automatically detect and highlight the code block.

Overall, Prism is a powerful and flexible library that can be used to add syntax highlighting to any website or application. Its lightweight design and support for a wide range of programming languages make it a popular choice for developers.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code?
- This code is a comment block that provides information about the Prism library, which is a syntax highlighting tool.

2. Who is the author of this code?
- The author of this code is Lea Verou, as indicated in the comment block.

3. What license is this code released under?
- This code is released under the MIT license, as indicated in the comment block.