[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/technologiestiftung/kulturdaten-frontend/blob/master/storybook-static/8.55e9697c.iframe.bundle.js.LICENSE.txt)

This code is a header comment for the OverlayScrollbars library, which is a third-party library used in the Kulturdaten-frontend project. The purpose of this library is to provide custom scrollbars for web pages that can be styled and customized to fit the design of the website. 

The header comment provides information about the version of the library, the author, and the license under which it is released. The MIT license is a permissive open-source license that allows users to modify and distribute the code with few restrictions.

In the context of the Kulturdaten-frontend project, this library is likely used to enhance the user experience of scrolling through content on the website. By using custom scrollbars, the website can provide a more cohesive and visually appealing design. 

Here is an example of how the OverlayScrollbars library might be used in the Kulturdaten-frontend project:

```javascript
import OverlayScrollbars from 'overlayscrollbars';

const options = {
  className: 'os-theme-light',
  scrollbars: {
    autoHide: 'move',
    autoHideDelay: 500
  }
};

const element = document.querySelector('.scrollable-content');

OverlayScrollbars(element, options);
```

In this example, the `OverlayScrollbars` function is imported from the library and called on a DOM element with the class `scrollable-content`. The `options` object is passed as a second argument to customize the appearance and behavior of the scrollbars. The resulting scrollbars will have a light theme and will automatically hide after 500 milliseconds of inactivity.
## Questions: 
 1. What is OverlayScrollbars and what does it do?
   - OverlayScrollbars is a library that provides customizable scrollbars for HTML elements. It allows for styling and functionality beyond the default browser scrollbars.
2. Who is the author of OverlayScrollbars?
   - The author of OverlayScrollbars is KingSora, also known as Rene Haas. Their GitHub profile can be found at https://github.com/KingSora.
3. What license is OverlayScrollbars released under?
   - OverlayScrollbars is released under the MIT license, which allows for free use, modification, and distribution of the code as long as the original license and copyright notice are included.